data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/CobaltstrikeCN.jar               CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/cobaltstrike.jar                 CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/agscript                         CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/c2lint                           CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/cobaltstrike.auth                CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/cobaltstrike.store               CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/peclone                          CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/teamserver                       CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/cobaltstrike/cobaltstrikeCN                   CobaltStrikeCN
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dex2jar                                       dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dex2jar/LICENSE                         dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/dex2jar-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar                      dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/d2j-base-cmd-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar                 dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/d8-31.0.0.jar                                 dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/dx-30.0.3.jar                                 dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/d2j-jasmin-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar                   dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/d2j-smali-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar                    dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/dex-ir-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar                       dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/dex-reader-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar                   dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/dex-reader-api-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar               dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/dex-tools-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar                    dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/dex-translator-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar               dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/dex-writer-2.1-SNAPSHOT.jar                   dex2jar
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/../home/go-cqhttp                                 go-cqhttp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/img2sdat/README.md                          img2sdat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/img2sdat/blockimgdiff.py                    img2sdat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/img2sdat/common.py                          img2sdat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/img2sdat/img2sdat.py                        img2sdat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/img2sdat/rangelib.py                        img2sdat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/img2sdat/sparse_img.py                      img2sdat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/img2sdat                                      img2sdat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/jsql-injection.jar                            jsql-injection
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/jsql                                          jsql-injection
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lii                                           linux-installer-installer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sdat2img/README.md                          sdat2img
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sdat2img/sdat2img.py                        sdat2img
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sdat2img                                      sdat2img
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/Base/Proot.md                   termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/Base/Termux.md                  termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/ADB支持.txt                  termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/Gobullettrain—更好的Termux个性化方案.md termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/Graph/gbt.png              termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/Linuxdeploy与Termux联动工作.md  termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/可爱的Termux命令行.md            termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/在Termux上运行Torweb服务端.md     termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/基于Proot跑起ParrotOS.md       termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/基于Termux打造Geek风格的Android桌面.md termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/将贴吧的贴子输出为epub电子书.md        termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/POST/开启OpenSSH服务.md             termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/README.md                       termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/Mytermuxdoc/txmuadd/termux.html             termux-cn-doc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ytb-player                                    ytb-player
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ytb                                           ytb-player
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ytb-player/ytb-player                       ytb-player
