data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipadd                                         android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipflash                                       android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipmake                                        android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipunpack                                      android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/licenses/android-partition-tools/AOSP_LICENSE android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aapt                                          android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aapt2                                         android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aidl                                          android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/android-sdk-build-tools/LICENSE         android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool.jar                                   apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool                                       apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/apktool/LICENSE                         apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/img2simg                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_ext4fs                                   ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sefcontext_decompile                          ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/simg2img                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lolcat                                        lolcat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/censor                                        lolcat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mkbootimg                                     mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/unpackbootimg                                 mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/makepkg-template                              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/makepkg                                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman-db-upgrade                             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman-key                                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/repo-add                                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman                                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman-conf                                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/testpkg                                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vercmp                                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/repo-remove                                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/repo-elephant                                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv.sh                         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/buildflags.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/compiler.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/debugflags.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/lto.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/makeflags.sh               pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/ccache.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/checksum.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/distcc.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/fakeroot.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/gpg.sh                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/gzip.sh                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/pacman.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/strip.sh                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/sudo.sh                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/vcs.sh                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity.sh                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity/generate_checksum.sh      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity/generate_signature.sh     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity/verify_checksum.sh        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity/verify_signature.sh       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config/ext.sh                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config/paths.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config/source_date_epoch.sh    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config/variable.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package/build_references.sh    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package/dotfiles.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package/file_names.sh          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package/missing_backup.sh      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild.sh                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/arch.sh               pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/arch_specific.sh      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/backup.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/changelog.sh          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/checkdepends.sh       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/conflicts.sh          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/depends.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/epoch.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/fullpkgver.sh         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/install.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/makedepends.sh        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/optdepends.sh         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/options.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/package_function.sh   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/package_function_variable.sh pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkgbase.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkglist.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkgname.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkgrel.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkgver.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/provides.sh           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/source.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/util.sh               pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/variable.sh           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/reproducible.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/reproducible/python.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source.sh                           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/bzr.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/file.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/fossil.sh                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/git.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/hg.sh                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/local.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/svn.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/srcinfo.sh                          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy.sh                             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/docs.sh                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/emptydirs.sh                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/libtool.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/purge.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/staticlibs.sh                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/strip.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/zipman.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util.sh                             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/compress.sh                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/config.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/dirsize.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/error.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/message.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/option.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/parseopts.sh                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/pkgbuild.sh                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/schema.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/source.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/util.sh                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pacman          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pacman-key      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/zsh/site-functions/_pacman                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/alpm-hooks.5                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/PKGBUILD.5                         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/makepkg.conf.5                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/pacman.conf.5                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/BUILDINFO.5                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/pacman-hooks.5                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/pacman.8                           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/makepkg.8                          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/repo-add.8                         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/vercmp.8                           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/pacman-key.8                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/pacman-conf.8                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/repo-remove.8                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/makepkg-template.1                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libmakepkg.pc                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/PKGBUILD-split.proto                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/PKGBUILD-vcs.proto                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/PKGBUILD.proto                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/proto.install                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libalpm.so.13.0.1                             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libalpm.so.13                                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libalpm.so                                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libalpm.pc                          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alpm.h                                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alpm_list.h                               pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/makepkg.conf                                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/pacman.conf                                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/php/LICENSE                             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/php-cgi.1.gz                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/phpize.1.gz                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/php.1.gz                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/phpdbg.1.gz                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/php-config.1.gz                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/phar.phar.1.gz                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/phar.1.gz                          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phpize                                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/php                                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phar                                          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/php-cgi                                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phar.phar                                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/php-config                                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phpdbg                                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/php/opcache.so                                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/config.guess                            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/phpize.m4                               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/run-tests.php                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/config.sub                              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/Makefile.global                         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/ax_check_compile_flag.m4                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/acinclude.m4                            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/mkdep.awk                               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/ax_gcc_func_attribute.m4                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/libtool.m4                              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/scan_makefile_in.awk                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/ltmain.sh                               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/shtool                                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/xml/php_xml.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/xml/expat_compat.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/session/mod_user.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/session/php_session.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/session/mod_files.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_standard.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/cyr_convert.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/crypt_freesec.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_dns.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/pageinfo.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/microtime.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_iptc.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/crypt_blowfish.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_versioning.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_crypt.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_ftok.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_random.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/credits_ext.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/base64.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_string.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_smart_string_public.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_rand.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_mail.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/exec.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/info.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_dir.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/html.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_mt_rand.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/css.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/html_tables.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_http.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/dl.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/hrtime.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/quot_print.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/url.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_uuencode.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/head.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/basic_functions.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_var.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/fsock.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/file.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/sha1.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/streamsfuncs.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_password.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_browscap.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_type.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_math.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_image.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_fopen_wrappers.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/pack.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/winver.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_net.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/datetime.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_smart_string.h       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_incomplete_class.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_ext_syslog.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_lcg.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_array.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/scanf.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_crypt_r.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/md5.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/credits_sapi.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_metaphone.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/uniqid.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_assert.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/credits.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/crc32.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_filestat.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/proc_open.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_link.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/url_scanner_ex.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/flock_compat.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/json/php_json_scanner.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/json/php_json.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/json/php_json_parser.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/sockets/php_sockets.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_ibm_iconv.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_iconv.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_libiconv.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_php_iconv_h_path.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_iconv_broken_ignore.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_glibc_iconv.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_iconv_aliased_libiconv.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_iconv_supports_errno.h  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_bsd_iconv.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_php_iconv_impl.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_iconv.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/sqlite3/libsqlite/sqlite3.h       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/phar/php_phar.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/dom/xml_common.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/libxml/php_libxml.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/gd/gd_compat.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/gd/php_gd.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/date/php_date.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/date/lib/timelib.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/date/lib/timelib_config.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_tiger.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_haval.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_snefru.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_md.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_fnv.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_gost.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_joaat.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_ripemd.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_adler32.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_sha.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_sha3.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_crc32.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_whirlpool.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/pdo/php_pdo.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/pdo/php_pdo_driver.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/pdo/php_pdo_error.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/pcre/php_pcre.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_directory.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_dllist.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_fixedarray.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_engine.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_iterators.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_functions.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_heap.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_exceptions.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/php_spl.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_observer.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_array.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqli/php_mysqli_structs.h       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqli/mysqli_mysqlnd.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_structs.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_ext_plugin.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_commands.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_block_alloc.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_wireprotocol.h    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_auth.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/php_mysqlnd.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_read_buffer.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysql_float_to_double.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_result.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_alloc.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_result_meta.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_vio.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_reverse_api.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/config-win.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_priv.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_enum_n_def.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_debug.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_statistics.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_charset.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_plugin.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_connection.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_protocol_frame_codec.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_libmysql_compat.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_portability.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_ps.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/filter/php_filter.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/mbstring.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/config.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_ident.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_allocators.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfilter_8bit.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_defs.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/eaw_table.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfilter.h  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_convert.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_language.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_filter_output.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_string.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfilter_pass.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_memory_device.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfilter_wchar.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_consts.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_encoding.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/oniguruma/oniguruma.h    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/php_mbregex.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/php_onig_compat.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/simplexml/php_simplexml.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/simplexml/php_simplexml_exports.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/readdir.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/tsrm_config.w32.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/tsrm_config.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/tsrm_strtok_r.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/TSRM.h                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/tsrm_config_common.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/tsrm_win32.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ts_hash.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_interfaces.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_generators.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_build.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_globals.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_language_parser.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_modules.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_errors.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_smart_string_public.h       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_types.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_multibyte.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_objects.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_multiply.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ini.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_objects_API.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_def.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_sort.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_globals_macros.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_portability.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_llist.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_operators.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ini_parser.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ini_scanner_defs.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_gc.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_strtod_int.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_stream.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_language_scanner.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ast.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_alloc_sizes.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_strtod.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_trace_handlers.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_constants.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_istdiostream.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_iterators.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_arena.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_bitset.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_dtrace.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_smart_str.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_smart_str_public.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_range_check.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_string.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_highlight.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_execute.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_opcodes.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_variables.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_float.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_stack.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_config.nw.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_type_info.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_virtual_cwd.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_compile.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_API.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend.h                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_object_handlers.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_cpuinfo.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_long.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_inheritance.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_config.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_hash.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_trace_map.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_builtin_functions.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ini_scanner.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_smart_string.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ptr_stack.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_execute.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_extensions.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_config.w32.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_exceptions.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_signal.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_alloc.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_closures.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_language_scanner_defs.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_list.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_handlers.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/sapi/cli/cli.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_main.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_ini.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/fopen_wrappers.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_compat.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php.h                            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_memory_streams.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_scandir.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/build-defs.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_mmap.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_context.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_streams_int.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_transport.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_filter_api.h  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_glob_wrapper.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_userspace.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_plain_wrapper.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_ticks.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_variables.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_config.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_streams.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/fastcgi.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_open_temporary_file.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/spprintf.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_reentrancy.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/SAPI.h                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_syslog.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_globals.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_version.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_getopt.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_output.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_network.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/http_status_codes.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/snprintf.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_stdint.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/rfc1867.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_content_types.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/php-fpm.conf.default                          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/php-fpm.d/www.conf.default                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/adb                                           platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/fastboot                                      platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/e2fsdroid                                     platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/f2fs_sload                                    platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_f2fs                                     platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/platform-tools/LICENSE                  platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/predict                               predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/kepupdate                             predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/default/predict.db                    predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/default/predict.qth                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/default/predict.tle                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/vocalizer                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/alarm.wav                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/approaching.wav             predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/azimuth.wav                 predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/eclipse.wav                 predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/eight.wav                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/eighteen.wav                predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/eighty.wav                  predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/elevation.wav               predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/eleven.wav                  predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/fifteen.wav                 predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/fifty.wav                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/five.wav                    predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/forty.wav                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/four.wav                    predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/fourteen.wav                predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/hundred.wav                 predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/intro.wav                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/vocalizer                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/nine.wav                    predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/nineteen.wav                predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/ninety.wav                  predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/one.wav                     predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/receding.wav                predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/seven.wav                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/seventeen.wav               predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/seventy.wav                 predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/six.wav                     predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/sixteen.wav                 predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/sixty.wav                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/sunlight.wav                predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/ten.wav                     predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/thirteen.wav                predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/thirty.wav                  predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/three.wav                   predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/twelve.wav                  predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/twenty.wav                  predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/two.wav                     predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/visible.wav                 predict
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/usr/predict/vocalizer/zero.wav                    predict
usr/local/bin/shc                                                                shc
usr/local/share/man/man1/shc.1                                                   shc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vdexExtractor                                 vdexExtractor
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/yara                                          yara
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/yarac                                         yara
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libyara.so                                    yara
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libyara.so.8.0.0                              yara
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libyara.so.8                                  yara
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libyara.la                                    yara
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/libtool                                       yara
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/zipalign                                      zipalign
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/zipalign/LICENSE                        zipalign
